== README 

EvaLect


Projekt für Webanwendungen-Studienleistung WS1415 Studiengang: IMB3

Evalect: Evaluation Lecture, soll es Dozenten und Studenten erleichtern eine Vorlesung zu Evaluieren.

Testdeployment: https://morning-oasis-7374.herokuapp.com

The typical flow about how to use evalect is:

1. Create a question group by giving it a name.
2. Once group is created, you can click on the group which takes you to another page where you can manage questions.
3. Create a question by clicking on add new, and you will be provided by these options: Each question will have a type

- Checkbox: Create a question which contains multiple checkboxes with the options that you provide in answer options field. Note that each option should be on a separate line.
- Date:     It takes date as an answer
- Long:     It needs a description as answer. Renders a textarea.
- Numeric:  It takes a number as an answer
- Radio:    It renders set of radio buttons by taking answer options.
- Select:   It renders a dropdown by taking answer options.
- Short:    It takes a string as an answer. Short answer.

4. Once the type is filled, you can optionally fill other details like

- Question text:              What is the question?
- Answer options:             Give options separated by newline for questions of type checkbox, radio buttons or select.
- Answer presence:            Should you mandate answering this question?
- min and max length:         Checks whether answer if in between min and max length. Ignores if blank.
- greater than and less than: Applicable for numeric question where answer is validated with these values.

5. Once the questions are populated, you can return to root_path ie by clicking Question Groups and share distribute answer url so that others can answer the questions populated.
6. Note that answers fail to persist of the criteria that you have provided while creating questions fail.




TODO  v0.7

Add ability to sort questions, so that order is preserved.
Add multi tenant support.
Rename question-groups to surveys, and change routes accordingly.